h1. Condo Example App

A basic implementation of "Condo":https://github.com/cotag/Condominios to demonstrate uploading files directly from the browser to "Amazon S3":http://aws.amazon.com/s3/ or "Google Cloud Storage":https://cloud.google.com/products/cloud-storage
* Supports drag and drop
* Multiple uploads
* Pause / Resume functionality (Resumable, chunked, uploads are available on Amazon for files over 5MB.)


h3. Caveats (as of 15 Oct 2012)

* Google does not support CORS on resumable uploads yet.
* Rackspace's REST API has been implemented however doesn't work as it doesn't support preflight requests.
* Azure doesn't support CORS at all and is not implemented here yet.


h2. Usage

# Clone repository onto your system
# Edit @config/initializers/condo_providers.rb@
# Set the required environmental variables with your providers security keys
# @bundle install@
# @rails server@
# Browse to: http://localhost:3000/


h3. Configuring your provider

h4. Amazon

# "Enable CORS":http://aws.typepad.com/aws/2012/08/amazon-s3-cross-origin-resource-sharing.html at the bucket level

<pre><code class="xml">

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<CORSConfiguration xmlns="http://s3.amazonaws.com/doc/2006-03-01/">
    <CORSRule>
        <AllowedOrigin>http://localhost:3000</AllowedOrigin>
        <AllowedMethod>PUT</AllowedMethod>
        <AllowedMethod>POST</AllowedMethod>
        <AllowedHeader>*</AllowedHeader>
    </CORSRule>
    <CORSRule>
        <AllowedOrigin>*</AllowedOrigin>
        <AllowedMethod>GET</AllowedMethod>
    </CORSRule>
</CORSConfiguration>

</code></pre>

You may want to apply similar configurations programmatically in production, especially if you have a bucket per-user.


h4. Google

# Enable 'Interoperable Storage Access' on your application
# Enable CORS at the bucket level - "Googles documentation":https://developers.google.com/storage/docs/cross-origin

<pre><code class="xml">

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<CorsConfig>
  <Cors>
    <Origins>
      <Origin>http://localhost:3000</Origin>
    </Origins>
    <Methods>
      <Method>GET</Method>
      <Method>HEAD</Method>
      <Method>POST</Method>
      <Method>PUT</Method>
    </Methods>
    <ResponseHeaders>
      <ResponseHeader>origin</ResponseHeader>
      <ResponseHeader>content-md5</ResponseHeader>
      <ResponseHeader>authorization</ResponseHeader>
      <ResponseHeader>x-goog-date</ResponseHeader>
      <ResponseHeader>x-goog-acl</ResponseHeader>
      <ResponseHeader>content-type</ResponseHeader>
      <ResponseHeader>accept</ResponseHeader>
      <ResponseHeader>x-goog-api-version</ResponseHeader>
      <ResponseHeader>x-goog-resumable</ResponseHeader>
      <ResponseHeader>ETag</ResponseHeader>
    </ResponseHeaders>
    <MaxAgeSec>1800</MaxAgeSec>
  </Cors>
</CorsConfig>

</code></pre>

I wrote a helper function in Condo for applying this using "Fog":http://fog.io/ however fog doesn't sign the request properly fog/fog#1206 at the time of writing


h4. Rackspace

This doesn't support preflight CORS requests yet and hence does not work.
However if you do want to enable "temporary URLs":http://docs.rackspace.com/files/api/v1/cf-devguide/content/Create_TempURL-d1a444.html you need to set a "metadata header"http://docs.rackspace.com/files/api/v1/cf-devguide/content/Set_Account_Metadata-d1a4460.html on your account.
There is also a helper function in Condo that achieves this.


